welcome to the final section of this course that no J a s a p I consists of about 45 46 or
so modules,
and so far in this course,
we have used about 30 of them in this last section.
We are going to skim over some of the modules that I don't think it would be appropriate to
use in this chorus,
either because they're too experimental or because they're just outside the scope of this
course.
And then we are going to have a number of lectures showing examples of half a dozen or so
of this remaining modules that I think it would be useful for you to use specifically.
We're going to do lectures on http two on VM on u dp Data Graham on net on TLS SSL on rebel
and on a sink hooks so that will be coming in the next lectures of this section.
But before we jump into those modules,
let's just do some final housekeeping on some of the modules that we won't be doing a deep
dive on in this course 1st 3 of the modules are deprecate ID,
so unless you're already using it,
you don't want to deprecate id AP Eyes is a section full of modules that you really should
not be using at all anymore.
There's another module called domain,
which is officially deprecate ID.
Another module is called puny code,
and again,
although it is part of the documentation,
still,
it is clearly deprecate ID,
and you don't want to use it unless you absolutely have to.
Next,
there is a module that no tells you you really won't have a good reason to use or will not
be able to use.
And that is called T T Y T.
T.
Y is a stable module but is really part of other modules.
It enforces part of the behavior that no does automatically when you are inside of a
terminal application.
It does have a few things that you might find useful.
For example,
this event resize allows you to bind to the event when the screen size of the terminal
changes.
So if you're doing something like we're doing with our command line application and you
want to keep track of the screen size changing so you don't have to read the screen size
over and over again,
you can do that.
And when you do that,
you're using the T T Y module,
but you don't actually have to require or call tt White.
All that just exposes itself as process standard out on resize.
So T.
T.
Y itself is never really something that you're going to have to do.
Require TT why you might be doing things like binding to this resize event.
But at least I have not had a situation where I needed to require the TT.
Why module explicitly?
And that is exactly what note says will be the case for most people.
In most cases,
they say,
it will not be necessary or possible to use this module directly.
If you did,
though,
you could access it.
T t y equals Required to do what?
There's one module called ECMO script modules That will be a very nice feature for note in
future versions of Node.
But in this LTs inversion eight LTs of node,
there's some crucial components missing,
so in version eight,
it's still considered experimental.
You have to turn it on with an experimental flag,
and there are some crucial components,
like import that are missing for me.
The primary reason to use GSM modules was so that you could switch from the require syntax
to the import syntax and end up importing modules back and forth that way with note eight.
That's not a possibility,
because import is not part of this release.
In future versions that will be and then switching over to GSM modules.
Atmospheric modules is something that I would recommend.
There are two modules that require third party tools to use.
One is called Tracing,
which really just allows you to create log files that allow you to do tracing in chrome or
some other tracing reader.
For us,
Tracy isn't a major concern,
but if you do need to do tracing and you have some way to retrace files like in chrome,
then you can look into this module.
The other one is the inspector.
The inspector is experimental,
but this inspector module basically just provides an A p I so that you can interact with
the VA inspector.
You'll still need some way to do that.
This is just exposing different ways that you could be interacting.
If you're building some kind of inspector or you're using inspector,
then you can plug into this module here.
Now there's three other modules that might be useful to you,
but they require you to build node separately.
These aren't things that you can just do in no doubt the box you need to rebuild your own
version of node,
a re compiled note that is,
with these things turned on,
and with whatever additions that you've added,
these three things are going to be internationalization.
So if you have situations where you need to support internationalization,
you can rebuild node with this built in or if you have your own I see you as they call it.
You can embed that internationalization data inside of node and provided at run time.
If you like.
There are different options for you to do,
and by default.
None of these are.
Very few of these are going to be turned on the other two modules.
I mentioned R C plus plus add ons and C plus plus add ons and a P I.
Both of these modules allow you to write C plus plus and then rebuild node or include that
C plus plus within node and reference it from JavaScript land.
Obviously,
writing c++ would be outside the scope of this course.
But if you are interested in writing a C plus plus at on those are building here.
The major difference between these modules is that n a p I is striving to support a
consistent way to interact with the module so that Thesis e Plus plus AP eyes don't keep
changing over time,
whereas C plus plus add ons isn't striving for any kind of intergenerational consistency
there.
If you'd like to do C plus plus add ons,
you would like to write C plus plus and interact with V eight directly.
The no documentation walks you through some hello world stuff where you can write C plus
plus and build it into note yourself.
You will need some tools like no TGIF etcetera,
but it is a pretty straightforward documentation if you want to go into their alright.
Without further ado,
we can now start jumping in to some examples of the last few remaining modules that we
mentioned HDB to the M rappel,
etcetera,
etcetera.
So let's move on to the next lecture and explore these final modules